the immortal tragedy of william ivanovich
Shakespeare
[music]
whole
5th oct. Scene second bedroom in the castle
it is raining in bed
[music]
but
[applause]
labels
yes yes with dimona and you do not lie down you
before bedtime she prayed to desdemona before another
my if you have not from can and
crime pray soon
I will not interfere
say i wo n't interfere i'll wait
God forbid kill your soul not
prepare yes god
and have mercy on abel I will say to everyone my heart but you
scare me
then rotate g6 eyes and how rarely do I
in front of you is not scary but medication and
go only maglev love and
inhuman to pay for murder
love that you bite your lips made
unkind sign of nov and in the days in itself is not as
unable to keep silence
he is still more yet is small wonder that
happened
bust
ooo
by
before overcoming myself it is difficult for me to test them
he gave you a spit as a keepsake
my tray didn’t really ask k-sec
souls swear salvation what not but remember
Beware of something the oath is a criminal
This is your deathbed alas, like all of
a gift someday and you die today
to myself
now confessing sins
does not deny it does not help i know everything
here it is over the forces but you
will die you
have mercy on me
and I will not say with all my heart I will regret
everywhere before you not guilty and mowed
fed only
what do you feel the commandments about what i saw
handkerchiefs in hand
me dad transform the redemptive
death beyond sinner murder
found it because he could not, he
vaguely
work and so took honest yagu
can we
but
justified the fears I felt to myself and
could not help whenever life in it
there was more than hair on his head yes he
can customers
i will die
libertine how dare you don't cry so much
about him came down to me live leave
liar
die for this night live from an urgent day
resist
at least half an hour later decided to give
pray
late too otello choking with dimona
[music]
dear listeners
tomorrow was listening to the head of the new novel
james chase kill bury his spots
write
discover